[Focus Mode] New DevTools overview docs and screenshots (#18)
captainbrosset/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/whats-new/2022/09/devtools-105.md

Previously in Microsoft Edge, selecting **Edit and resend** for a network request from the Network tool may not have reliably opened the **Network Console** tool and pre-populated it with the values from the request.

> In Microsoft Edge 105, this issue has been fixed in the legacy DevTools UI.  This issue will also be fixed in the current DevTools UI in a future release.  **Edit and resend** now pre-populates the **Network Console** tool with the values for the network request that you're looking to resend.  You can continue to modify these values before sending the request from the **Network Console** tool.  Thank you for sending us your feedback about this issue!

Reviewer: Are we calling the Chromium UI legacy now?

Author: This was just a proposal, nothing that we're set on yet. Knowing that Focus Mode is the new default, we need a way to refer to the old UI.
That said, this is only going to be a problem in the whats-new part of the docs. The rest of our docs shouldn't concern itself with switching UI modes, and should only document how things look and feel with Focus Mode.

Reviewer 2: ![image](https://github.com/captainbrosset/edge-developer/assets/45407486/af786a24-e71e-43d6-b054-3f5d61cd5659)

Reviewer 2: @captainbrosset - i entered a [Suggested Change comment](https://github.com/captainbrosset/edge-developer/pull/18/files#r1263087300).
Closing present thread.

> In Microsoft Edge 105, this issue has been fixed in the legacy DevTools UI.  This issue will also be fixed in the current DevTools UI in a future release.  **Edit and resend** now pre-populates the **Network Console** tool with the values for the network request that you're looking to resend.  You can continue to modify these values before sending the request from the **Network Console** tool.  Thank you for sending us your feedback about this issue!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In Microsoft Edge 105, this issue has been fixed in the legacy DevTools UI.  This issue will also be fixed in the Focus Mode DevTools UI in a future release.  **Edit and resend** now pre-populates the **Network Console** tool with the values for the network request that you're looking to resend.  You can continue to modify these values before sending the request from the **Network Console** tool.  Thank you for sending us your feedback about this issue!
```
